This project would never have been possible without the great effort of many individuals before me.

My first attribution needs to go towards the great people once working at "Bullfrog Productions Ltd"
for development of this great game in the first place. And to "Electronic Arts Ltd" for once
publishing this game. A list of individuals making the original game possible will follow below.

<lineseperator>

I especially need to thank the following individuals for their reverse engineering work of the
different used original game file formats long before I started this project: (in alphabetical order)

Aybe
Malvineous
movAX13h
srtuss

Especially the DOS Game Modding Wiki at "moddingwiki.shikadi.net" has proven to be a valueable source of information for this project.

<lineseperator>

Extraction of the original games data would not have been possible without the available information about RNC compression,
TAB/DAT file format and various tools (for example FLI files fixer) available at the Syndicate series unofficial fan site at "syndicate.lubiki.pl"
This resources were only available to me thanks to:

Tomasz Lis
Jon Skeet
Andrew Sampson

<lineseperator>

Reading the original games FLI intro was only possible because of the "Aseprite FLIC Library" at "github.com/aseprite/flic".
I want to thank Igara Studio S.A. and David Capello for this important resource.

For upscaling the resolution of the original games intro frames and certain other images I use the xBRZ project. I want to thank
the following individual for this really helpful project:

Zenju

<lineseperator>

This project would never have been started without finding the great "HiOctaneTools" at "github.com/movAX13h/HiOctaneTools"
one day. This C# open source project really gave me a headstart regarding reading the original games level data files, and especially
also explained howto extract the original games 3D model DAT files. I really need to thank movAX13h for his great work!

<lineseperator>

This project uses the Irrlicht Engine for output window creation, game control, drawing and 3D rendering. Many individuals
contributed to this wonderful project, but unfortunetly I am not able to mention everybody below. I want to thank
everybody that contributed to this project in the past, and especially:

Nikolaus Gebhardt
Michael Zeilfelder (cutealien)
Thomas Alten (burningwater)
Yoran Bosman (Yoran)
Christian Stehno (hybrid)
Patryk Nadrowski (Nadro)
Gareth Davidson (bitplane)
Luke P. Hoschke (luke)
Colin MacDonald (rogerborg)
Ahmed Hilali (blindside)
Dean Wadsworth (varmint)
Alvaro F. Celis (afecelis) 
John Goewert (Saigumi)
Jam

The Irrlicht engine is also based in parts on the work of Independent JPEG Group, the zlib, and libpng.

<lineseperator>

This project uses the SFML (Simple and Fast Multimedia Library) for sound output and timer functionality. I tried multiple different
libraries for audio output and SFML was the perfect fit for my purpose. A big thank you to Laurent Gomila and all other contributors of
this great library. External libraries used by SFML: freetype, libjpeg, stb_image, OpenAL Soft, libogg, libvorbis, libflac, minimp3

<lineseperator>

For TTF Font output under Irrlicht this project uses the freetype library, as well as some additional helper classes
by the following individuals: (Thank you!)

John Norman
Michael Zeilfelder

This project uses the Andika TTF Font as its default font. The Andika and Andika Basic fonts are maintained by SIL International.
For more information please visit "scripts.sil.org/andika".

<lineseperator>

Original game music output is only possible thanks to combining multiple great Opensource projects/libraries:

- libADLMIDI is a free Software MIDI synthesizer library with OPL3 emulation, A big thank goes to:
Original ADLMIDI code: Joel Yliluoma
ADLMIDI Library API: Vitaly Novichkov

- OPL Bank Editor by Wohlstand, a free tool for music bank editing
Vitaly Novichkov

- Wohlstand's OPL3 Bank File - a bank format to store OPL3 timbre data and setup
Vitaly Novichkov

- foo_midi is a foobar2000 component that adds playback of MIDI files to foobar2000.
Peter Stuer
Christopher Snowhill

